New devtools extension article (#2209)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/customize/extensions.md

---
title: Extend DevTools with extensions
description: Learn to build a Microsoft Edge extension that extends DevTools.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 09/30/2022
---
# Extend DevTools with extensions

> If the tools available in Microsoft Edge DevTools are not enough for your use cases, you can add new tools by installing Microsoft Edge extensions or building your own extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the tools available in Microsoft Edge DevTools aren't enough for your use cases, you can add new tools by installing Microsoft Edge extensions or building your own extensions.
```
per style guide & probably Acrolinx.  Consider running Acrolinx on this .md file.

> Microsoft Edge extensions can insert new tabs in the main toolbar of DevTools.

Author: No, extension tabs can't be moved to the bottom.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Install extensions in DevTools

Install extensions in Microsoft Edge by navigating to [Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/). 

> These extensions often extend the Microsoft Edge user interface with new buttons and panels, but can also extend DevTools by adding new tabs in the main toolbar.

Reviewer: i was confused by the distinction between Microsoft Edge vs DevTools, need to highlight that contrast more distinctly, in my experience.
```suggestion
These extensions often extend the Microsoft Edge user interface with new buttons and panels, but can also extend DevTools, within Microsoft Edge, by adding new tabs in the main toolbar.
```
what about in the Drawer - can you add to Drawer or can user move it to Drawer?

There is no way to know if an extension extends the DevTools main toolbar or not without looking at its source code. But the Edge Add-ons website has a **Developer tools** category that contains extensions that often extend DevTools. See the [Developer tools category](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/category/Developer-Tools) on the Edge Add-ons website for more details.

To install a DevTools extension:

> 1. Navigate to the extension you want to install on the Edge Add-ons website. For example, navigate to the [React Developer Tools extension](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/react-developer-tools/gpphkfbcpidddadnkolkpfckpihlkkil).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the extension you want to install on the Edge Add-ons website. For example, go to the [React Developer Tools extension](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/react-developer-tools/gpphkfbcpidddadnkolkpfckpihlkkil).
```
per style guide.  Navigate is rarely used except multiple unknown steps.

> 1. Click **Get** and confirm the installation dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Get**, and then confirm the installation dialog:
```

    ![The React Developer Tools page on the Edge Add-ons website](extensions-images/react-add-on-listing.png)

> 1. Open a new tab and navigate to a page that uses React. For example use the [TodoMVC React example page](https://todomvc.com/examples/react/#/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a new tab and go to a page that uses React. For example use the [TodoMVC React example page](https://todomvc.com/examples/react/#/).
```
see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/n/navigate

> 1. Open DevTools by pressing `F12`. Two new tabs are displayed in the main toolbar: **Components** and **Profiler**. If you do not see the new tabs, make the DevTools window wider, or click **More tabs** (![More tabs icon.](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open DevTools by pressing `F12`. Two new tabs are displayed in the main toolbar: **Components** and **Profiler**. If you don't see the new tabs, make the DevTools window wider, or click **More tabs** (![More tabs icon.](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)).
```
consider running Acrolinx on this .md file.

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/top-10-tips-style-voice#project-friendliness
In dev docs, typically contractions - many exceptions based on feel per context; it can change the meaning/emph.
